The prerequisites for this Nanodegree program,
are that you should be an intermediate level software programmer in any language.
As long as you know concepts like variables, conditionals,
loops, and functions, you're ready to learn C++.
We also expect that you know how to execute programs ideally from the terminal,
and that you're familiar with software debugging.
It will be helpful if you're familiar with concepts
like classes in object-oriented programming,
but that's not required.
If you feel like you need to learn a little bit more about
software programming before proceeding on with this Nanodegree,
then I suggest either Udacity's intro to programming Nanodegree program,
or our intro to self-driving cars Nanodegree program.
Our intro to programming Nanodegree program
will teach you the basics of software engineering,
and our intro to self-driving cars Nanodegree program
C++ specifically, along with topics like machine learning, physics, and mathematics.